{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf0 Dialogue that should definitely be in the game is marked with asterisk, scroll down to find dragon defeat dialogue and hero defeat dialogue *****\
\
\
First Dialogue:\

\f1\i0\b0 ****\
Fafnir: And so our fated battle is nigh.\
Sigurd: \'93Fated?\'94 Despite your murderous rampage, I did not think you believed in a 
\f2\i whimsical
\f1\i0  notion such as fate. \
Fafnir: Such skepticism, little golden Hero. Whether I believe or do not believe in such fantasies matters not \'97 here you shall meet your demise! \
\
\
\
Fafnir: The fragile Hero approaches! What brings me the honor of your visitation? Did you like my housewarming gift of a thousand livers? Harvested fresh from the ruined town down yonder.\
Sigurd: That mouth of yours runs itself too much, I pluck your heart from your soon-dead body and roast it over an open flame, insidious dwarf!\
Fafnir: Dwarf? I suppose your eyes are failing alongside your ego. Your confidence is admirable.\
Sigurd: Your greed killed your dwarven father and has transformed you into this hideous beast! Your tyranny ends now!\
\
\
\
**\
Sigurd: Dragon! I\'92ve come to free you from the shackles of your greed!\
Fafnir: You know, Hero, how 
\f2\i do
\f1\i0  you manage to see through that tiny slot in your helmet? I\'92d be worried about tripping over a pebble, if I were you.\
Sigurd: I don\'92t know, maybe the fact that you breathe 
\f2\i FIRE
\f1\i0  might be the reason I\'92m trying to protect my face. This visage has its many uses, you know, in wooing the masses.\
Fafnir: That\'92s quite the sentiment. I\'92ll have you know that it\'92ll be useless, in the end. Your shiny little armor can only do so much in protecting yourself from my flames.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 (If player/dragon defeats the hero after this dialogue, the helmet is gone for the next runs, and the next immediate dialogue is below).
\f1\b0 \
\
**\
Sigurd: I sense that victory is near, I can 
\f2\i smell 
\f1\i0 it in this putrid air.\
Fafnir: I believe you\'92re smelling the charred remains of my dinner upon my mounds of riches, penniless Hero. Though, I suppose you couldn\'92t smell anything through that helmet of yours. \
Sigurd: I need no helmet to sniff out your hypocrisy! You built your wealth upon the sorrows of innocents, you are nothing but a fraud, insufferable snake.\
Fafnir: And it is my pleasure to have built my riches from nothing! With this, your death will be all the more 
\f2\i satisfying
\f1\i0 ! \
\
\
Fafnir: Tell me, Hero, what do you hope to gain out of this?\
Sigurd: I desire not fame nor wealth, but I desire to see with my own eyes your pitiful end. Odin, help me guide this pathetic worm to his demise!\
Fafnir: Your prayers to the gods fall upon deaf ears \'97 Valhalla will have no place for you.\
\
\
**\
Sigurd: Hello, you domineering, overgrown lizard. How does it feel, to finally be taller than a house?\
Fafnir: Oh, you must be such a riot at dinner parties. How about you pick on someone your own size?\
Sigurd: Funny you mention that, when you\'92ve tossed aside your dwarven ancestry to become a literal dragon, razing and decimating the fields of hard laborers unlike yourself.\
Fafnir: You\'92ll be 
\f2\i yearning
\f1\i0  to have a simple death like those pesky commoners \'97 the decimated fields will look like 
\f2\i paradise
\f1\i0  once I\'92m done ravaging 
\f2\i YOU
\f1\i0 ! \
\
\
Fafnir: Hero, I\'92m sure you have much better things to do, instead of slaying a mere dragon like me. What did this humble dragon do to be honored with your presence?\
Sigurd: In your hoard you hold a stolen ring of blessed wealth. I am merely doing everyone a favor by returning this ring and offering your heart as retribution. \
Fafnir: Ahhh, killing two birds with one stone, I see. Trying to wrest this ring from me\'85In your customs, a ring means more than just wealth, does it not? \
Sigurd: Are you trying to court me???\

\f3\b (Music stops)
\f1\b0 \
Fafnir: \'85\
Sigurd: \'85\
\
Fafnir: Look who it is! Sigurd, the mighty Hero that slays the dragon Fafnir!\
Sigurd: You know, it\'92s quite impressive that you\'92ve garnered such infamy in a short time period. Pity that you\'92re an irredeemable, infuriating glorified gecko.\
Fafnir: My, you flatter me! I had no idea you held me in such regard.\
Sigurd: I take that back, I hope you swallow a boulder that lodges perfectly in your esophagus.\
\
Fafnir: The lonesome Hero approaches! You\'92re quite the pesky one, aren\'92t you? Throwing yourself into my lair like that.\
Sigurd: My recklessness breeds confidence \'97 the confidence that will end your life and bring peace to my people.\
Fafnir: HAH! Once I pin you down, you will writhe from the heat of my flames, tortured slowly to a fruitless end, never to find respite!\
Sigurd: ????????????????\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b \cf0 IF DRAGON DIES:\

\f1\i0\b0 \
Fafnir: HOW?? HOW COULD A MERE HUMAN DEFEAT ME? YOU HAVE NO WILL OF YOUR OWN!\
\
Or\
\
Sigurd: Hah!  A fitting end for a dragon! Such a shame that you could not best me despite all your gloating.\
\
Or\
\
Fafnir: I should not have underestimated your power, Hero... \

\f0\i\b \ul Fucking dies.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
\

\f0\i\b \ulnone DRAGON VICTORY:\

\f1\i0\b0 \
Fafnir: Hmph! Humans are no match to the might of a dragon!\
\
Fafnir: I, a dwarf, taking the form of this winged beast, have bested a Hero! Would you look at that!\
\
Fafnir: Victorious is the one that waits patiently for power and grasps opportunity!\
\
Fafnir: The world has lost its hero! Now none shall stand in my path!}